Skies over Gaza are filled with smoke as
Israel wants again pounds the
territory Palestinians are under
constant threat of
that I will end up in Paradise I'm sure
I will says a member of nebhan family
this is what is left of his
home a whole neighborhood in B laa
leveled since the beginning of the war
Israel has either destroyed or damaged
at least half of all housing units in
the
strep Palestinian authorities say more
than 2,000 people are still under the
robber after 3 weeks of The Siege the UN
says civil order and health facilities
have
collapsed cut off from the outside world
with phone and internet lines down
Medical Teams are not able to
communicate
we urge all the international bodies to
quickly intervene to protect the Medical
Institution hospitals ambulances and
medical teams in Gaza that have been
targeted deliberately by the
occupation meanwhile this elderly man
behind the health Ministry spokesman is
using sign language relying a message to
his family that he is still
alive gaza's biggest Hospital Al shifa
is
overwhelmed injured people keep arriving
and tens of thousands of displaced
people are now Sheltering on hospitals
ground Israel says the facility also
shelters Hamas Fighters a claim that
Palestinians
deny unva the UN Agency for Palestinian
refugees says it has lost touch with its
staff in Gaza on Saturday displaced Gaza
stormed one of the agency's food supply
centers in D B in southern Gaza Street
nearly oneir of gaza's population is now
displayed and resides in facilities
affiliated with unva but more than 50 of
its employees have been killed for them
like the rest of the Gaza Streep's
population there is no place to go R
Sardar Al jaaz